OSDOCS-18784-11 created assembly/modules for api (#111965)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eso-network-policy.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/external-secrets-operator-api.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="eso-network-policy_{context}"]
= networkPolicy

[role="_abstract"]
The `networkPolicy` field represents a custom network policy configuration for operator-managed components. The field includes a name for identification and the network policy rules to be enforced.

[cols="1,1,1,1,1",options="header"]
|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default
| Validation

| `name`
| _string_

> | `name` is the logical identifier for this network policy entry. The Operator prepends `eso-user-` to this value when creating the Kubernetes `NetworkPolicy` object, for example `allow-egress` becomes `eso-user-allow-egress`. The maximum length is 243 to accommodate the prefix within the 253-character Kubernetes name limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name` is a unique identifier for this network policy configuration. This name will be used as part of the generated `NetworkPolicy` resource name.
```

|

> a| The maximum length is 243 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a| The maximum length is 253 characters.
```
